Today we are diving into GPT 5.4
thinking and pro have just rolled out in
chat GPT. So we can have that now but
I'm going to go ahead and apply it to
algorithmic trading as I am an
algorithmic trader. So I'm going to
apply it to that. Okay. So I have six
different u quad codes here. I was
actually, this was released 11 minutes
ago, 12 minutes ago, 15 minutes ago, I
don't know, something very shortly ago.
I was running my um
my claw in Chrome here getting an update
of what's going on with this war trade
and I came across this. So, it looks
like 5.4
75% for thinking on the OS world
verified computer use. Okay, so computer
use just got a 75%.
Web arena, you can check this out on
your own time. I have some things I just
want to test. I want to test. Number
one, I want to test my RBI system. So my
RBI system does the process that I do.
Research and back test. Research and
back test. Research and back test. Back
test. Find winning strategies and then
incubate them. Okay. So that process I
have made it autonomous here. And I can
just go to my Mundave AI agents here and
I'll do this. I'll do the lazy way. I'll
do the lazy way and I'll just say, "Hey,
please go ahead and give me
my AI agents GitHub." No, that's that's
an inefficient way. Let's not do that.
Let's get this all set up with codeex
first off. So, I'm with Claw Code right
now. Let's kill it. Let's say Codeex. I
probably need to update it.
Update now. Yes. Okay. So, you can see
I'm updating to the newest version here.
And then I'm also gonna open up that RBI
system I was talking about. Research,
back test, research, back test,
incubate, research, back test, incubate.
Okay, so you know the process.
Let's go ahead and find that GitHub
here.
Let's say code dot.
Here it is. We are updated it says.
Okay. Okay. So, let's say Codex here.
Got Codeex connected. Okay. Let's kill
it over here and get Codex over here as
well. Says 5.3. So, maybe I need to
update it. Codex.
Yes. Continue.
I have a agent called RBI agent PP.
Okay. Okay, I want you to send me that
full path, but after you change it to
GPT 5.4 by OpenAI, it was just released.
You can Google it if you'd like. It was
like 30 minutes ago. So, just name it
the same naming convention, but 5.4 in
case you can't find it. Okay, thank you.
And then send me back the full path.
This agent is the one that does the
research and then the back testing and
the debugging and getting the stats. So,
RBI agent PP, send me the full path
after you make that change. Thank you.
Dang, dude. I'm going to definitely do
this with uh the new model.
Let's go here. Say model here. Model.
Choose what model. Okay. 5.4. Here we
are. Latest frontier. Agentic coding
model. Let's see how it is. Medium,
lower, high. Fast responses with
lightning or lighter reasoning. Balances
speed and reasoning. Um, let's go ahead
and let's keep it here at medium for now
and we'll see. Okay, so she should make
that update. She should update. I'm
using open router within my RBI agent.
Try the codeex app with 2x rate limits
until April 2nd. I'm good. I tried the
cloud app today and I was thoroughly
unimpressed.
It is what it is. It is what it is. I
think it's because we're spoiled with
quad code, codeex, whatever.
So let's see if she updates this new
model or the RBI agent PP to
5.4. Here you can see my cursor is
cooked. I'm not able to open cursor. So
I would just open it and change it
myself. But hey, you know this AI time.
You can see she's looking GBT 5.4 before
instead of uh I had GLM 4.7 and
ah my bad. It's actually
it's actually the RBI agent multi PPP
that I want you to update this in. Thank
you. Then send that back to me. Okay.
Okay. So, I want to get this running
because this will be a really good test
of if 5.4 is sick or not. I do it pretty
much on every model.
Okay, here it is. Boom. So, now we have
the RBI agent PP multi.
And
can you go ahead and put an for the
ideas.txt that is connected to this one?
Can you put an exclamation mark at the
end of the first 10 rows? So, it's like
a new unique thing. Um, essentially
can't open my cursor right now. So I'm
not able to edit the file and that's
what I do. So in a file you can put the
idea of a strategy just like the broad
idea or a very precise idea and
essentially the agents will go through
and research that idea
kind of flesh it out for a developer and
then the other agent sends them on over
to go get back tested.
Okay, let's just go ahead and show you
T. Let's say CD up into this B.
Okay, I'm in there. And then we're going
to go ahead and say multi. Now it's
going to run. It's going and looking at
this ideas.txt.
See, it's initializing all these models
because in the GitHub, you can see
researching processing. Okay, it's
taking this first idea dual Ballinger
band system with Calman filter as
dynamic midline replacement and it's
going through and it's processing the
idea meaning it's coming up with the
like the written report of how it's
supposed to be then back tested and then
you can see creating back test code to
another agent is agent one two and then
it's multiple processes at the same time
so it's parallel processed we'll see how
these turn out by the end but So far so
good. I think we're getting to a point
where it's um these models are coming
out so fast. It's the models are sick
already. It's really what are you going
to build with them?
You can see this is my cross exch this
is my ex extended exchange bot here that
is running. You can see she's updating
the package imports. So again, I can
kind of show you this on GitHub how it
works, but it's under Mundave AI agents.
Okay.
And then you go to source here
and then agents here.
Damn, dude. This is wild. OpenCloud's
going crazy on my computer.
She's not going crazy. It's me going
crazy with and just having her update
it. But anyways, scroll down here to RBI
agent PP multi.
RBI agent PP multi.
You can see this is what it's about.
Essentially, parallel processing multi
data validation. Run up to five back
tests at the same time. So, it tests on
25 different data sources as well.
You can see here the first strategy it
popped out was negative 86%. That's not
necessarily the model's fault. It's just
a bad idea.
And it will loop like negative 92%.
Obviously not good. It's going to try to
optimize until 50%. Let's see if any 50%
hit
12% for this strategy.
Target is 50%. So I asked them to keep
iterating. It's a big ask. It's a big
ask. I mean, it's asking AI to print
money for you. So, it's a huge ask, but
I think it's an interesting test to run
every time a new model is dropped.
Hey, can you print me money yet? You can
see it got to 8.18% on one of them. So,
still not good, but it's going to keep
optimizing and looping and optimizing. I
wonder how much this is costing. That's
the thing. We'll see. You know, I was
using GLM before. You got This one was
12%. It's optimizing until 50%. It's
pretty much doing the the research of
what like a quant dev would do just hey
I'm going to back test back test back
test
and then one of them one of the Asians
fix fixes the bugs one of them like
focuses on the packages etc etc can see
90 negative 69% targets 50% so it'll
just roll here forever let's see what
it's looking like um I go to open router
because I'm using Open Router. And if
you're not yet, I would definitely uh I
would look into Open Router. It's pretty
cool. You're just able to work with
every
model pretty easily. You see how I
flipped to that real quick. I can open
this up here.
And you can see I was using, let's see,
Miniax GLM today.
Um
I actually don't even see
GPD 5.4 yet on here.
Let's see if it's in my activities.
And I think this is going to be more of
like a a long test. I got to test this
for the week even though I just switched
my plan over to Miniax.
308.
What's going on here? GLM. GLM.
Are we using GLM still, dude?
Holy hell.
So, um, on that RBI agent PP multi, did
you switch that all to GPD 5.4 or you
were just coping?
I think she forgot because remember I
made that pivot there at the end. I was
like, "Oops, wrong one."
Cuz this doesn't look like any GPTs to
me. But baby, I'm going direct.
Yes, I changed all of them to RBI agent.
Okay. Okay. Okay. So, we're not using
open router. Is it Is it because we're
not using open router then?
No need to change anything. That's cool.
Let's go ahead and see if I can get into
open A. I'm just curious how what this
cost. Okay, so we have Open Router in
the if you go to the GitHub here, um
Open Router is actually a new ad. prior
to open router. I swear I didn't know
about open router so I built my own
router.
Got models here and you can go here and
you can see like open AAI model. So it's
super easy to flip in the new, you know,
GBD5, GBD5 mini. Now we're on GBDI 5.4.
So it's super easy to flip it in.
And you know, Deep Seek Claude, Gemini,
Grock, Olama, and then we added Open
Router what, three weeks ago. So, I
think open router is sick. X AAI, but in
this case, we're using direct to OpenAI.
I want to see if I can get a a handle of
what this is costing. I'm going to run
it back because I messed it up low key.
I shouldn't have stopped it.
But I think this is going to really be
like a week-long test to really give you
a full analysis of how it actually how
it how it goes in my workflow. You can
see I I go pretty hard. I have six claws
always going all day and I'm indifferent
on what AI I use. I just want to use the
best AI. So, I need to figure that out
this week. You know,
can you go ahead and
put 10 new strategies on that ideas.txt?
Thank you. Now, obviously, I would
usually go ahead and take actual
strategies here. mundave.comromadap
has a bunch of my ideas.
You can see this this the main framework
I follow to automate my trading. It
starts with research that you back test.
So that's literally what this AI swarm
is doing is researching and back testing
based off of the ideas I send it. So I
should go ahead and just say hey throw
some of these ideas in there because I
give you a bunch of ideas on the road
map. random ideas, carry trade, mean
reversion, pair trading, momentum,
ignition, etc., etc. I could just say,
"Hey, throw some of these on there."
Okay, let's go ahead and throw some of
these on here. This a road map for
everybody. Go ahead and throw these ones
on there as well. Make them a little
more um sophisticated and add the ADX
into each of them. Okay, sick, dude. So,
you can see she's already working now
because we threw new ideas on the
ideas.txt. So, it's just a simple file.
You throw the ideas of what trading
strate you can see volume profile, LVN
rejection, stochastic reset, trend slope
confirmation, RSI failure swing plus
anchored VWAP. So, I think this is a
pretty dope use case and I love to test
this on every single new model because
why wouldn't you ask the AI, hey, can
you print me money yet?
You know, why wouldn't you? We got to
shoot for the moon. Hey, my name is
Moond Dov. I believe code is a great
equalizer because now all these crazy
ideas you have in your head. You know
how to code or at least I guess use AI
at this point. I think you I think you
need to know how to code. But maybe
that's just a boomer of me. I learned
only two years before AI was dropped.
Chad GBT. I was one of the first to
start coding the whole all my code was
through AI. Chad GBD. I got dragged. I
got dragged for years, dude. But now
everybody's like, "Oh, bro, you heard a
clog code."
So, I'm going to take shots and I'm
always going to ask this question. Hey,
can you print me money?
So, the returns negative 1%.
Need 51% more. We'll see. We'll see. I
think eventually these are going to get
good enough to to do that. But until
then, I'm just going to use it as a tool
to do it myself.
Because at the end of the day, there's
plenty of ideas out there, plenty of
trading strategies that work. Just can
you find them? You have a robust system
in order to find them. I've got a robust
system, RBI system. So, I built this a
couple years ago to be honest. Probably
at this point,
right when uh the agent stuff opened up
on OpenAI, we started to build this and
we just made it better and better. Now,
it's parallel process. It used to take
dumb long
16%. Okay, I want to get into the OpenAI
uh dev panel so I can kind of see what
the pricing is on this. I guess not the
pricing, but the cost that I've run up
just in this uh 15 minutes or so because
everybody always wants to know like how
much does this cost? And you know, it's
a valid question. It's a valid question.
It's a valid valid question, dude. So,
let me go ahead and try to show you
No, that can't be right, dude. Says I've
only spent a penny.
Can't be right.
But shoot, maybe it is. What is the
pricing here? What have I done the last
15 minutes, dude?
GBD54 and4.
Duh.
Not going to write that. But let's go
here and see GBT 5.4 pricing because you
know they're getting squeezed big time.
B. China's on the ass.
I just switched to Miniax today in
Claude Code.
So curious to see how this ends up. Like
competition is good. I love the
competition. So it's 250 $2.50 input, 15
output, and holy hell.
30 input and 180 output.
That must be good.
Should I try it?
Let's see if that can print money. Yeah,
let's do it. Let's try it. Dude, I'm
going to try to get into my actual
account here, I guess, because this
one's not showing that I'm paying very
much. Maybe because I'm really not. But
maybe I have a different account. So,
let me go ahead and see if I'm getting
hit for this because I would like to
know what does it cost per hour really?
You know, because then you can kind of,
hey, if it finds me one strategy per
hour, how much is that worth to you or
how much does it cost?
Upside's unlimited. Really?
342.
911 342. Okay, I'm up in there.
Say usage here.
Maybe it's free right now or something.
It's got to be free right now, dude. Cuz
I looked at my other account. I thought
I had two. Uh,
it's also empty.
Negative 2% to 50%.
Back test successful.
Not good though.
Can you show me the code on the RBI PP
multi to prove that it is using chat or
GBT 5.4?
I didn't say that, dude. I didn't say
that. I didn't say that. It's just it's
not printing money yet. And that means
nothing. That's why like to give you a
full review. I really got to lock in. I
got to lock in for a few days. Yeah,
we're good, dude. Says open open AI
model 5.4. We are on Chat GPT 5.4. It
does not print money yet, but let's see
if the big boy does. Let's see if the
big boy does. How about that? You know,
it's it's tested a bunch of back tests
thus far, and I haven't seen anything
too good. So, it's on number six. Okay.
Go ahead and add these new ideas to the
list. Okay, thank you. And also change
the model to this. I'm about to spend a
bag and I don't even know where I'm
getting hit at. Maybe it's slowed down.
Okay, let's give her some ideas.
Statistical arbitrage, event driven,
seasonality, technical indicators. These
are easy to
Oh snap. Look at this. So sick, dude.
What the hell? Can't believe I just give
this away,
but much love to you. I believe code's a
great equalizer. If you learn how to
code it, you could cook like this on a
whim any day.
So, here's some new ideas. Add these new
ideas. Thank you.
Sweet, dude. So, I'm going to kill this.
Doesn't that one doesn't print money,
but we'll see.
I know it's the highest expectations,
but it was just dropped. And this is the
test that I like to I like to do because
for all these reasons.
So, I'm about to do $30 input, 180
output. You better output 190 at least.
If you output 190, dude, [__] I'll run
it all day.
I'll run it all day.
Okay, so we're on 5.4 Pro now. Let's get
it. This is my final test.
Well, I'll use it all week. How about
that? I'll use it all week and I'll be
able to give you a real flow if it's
fire or not. I want to see if it's
better than Opus 4.6 all day.
So,
we'll see. You can see the GP5.4 4 Pro.
Let's see how it does. 12 active. I'm
sure it's going to take a little bit
longer now,
right? Because if if I'm not mistaken,
Pro
is just more thinking.
I don't know. GBT 5.4 Pro, latest GBT
5.4 learn best practice. GP5.4 4 is our
most uh capable frontier model yet.
Delivering high quality outputs with
fewer iterations across GPT chbpt the
API and codecs. Okay, so let's go check
out Chad GPT in the meantime say auto.
No way. 5.4 please. How do I get in
there? I got to log out first. Log out.
Hey dude, hit me up on the email if you
want.
log in.
What's the pass? Gmail. Okay, we'll see.
Won't have.
Damn, another one. Why are they both
starting 911 this time
today? So far, Open AI on the some 911
stuff ever ever since they started um
supporting the the war, Department of
War or whatever. Legacy models. Hm. How
do you update it here?
Maybe it because I'm in dev mode.
Um,
I guess it's not that important because
I have GBTM. I'm running it right now.
You can see it hasn't figured out any
yet. So, I know it is using 5.4
cuz it's taking longer. 5.4 Pro or
whatever it's called, the expensive one.
Let's see how much I can spend on this.
And then while that is going, let's go
ahead and go back to
to here.
It's our most capable frontier model
yet. Delivering higher quality outputs
with fewer iterations. We'll see. Here
we go. So, strategy exhaustion. So, she
is going. That's that's exactly what I
need for this. I need fewer iterations.
API and codeex. So, we got Codex up top.
I'll let you know how that goes. Let me
know below if you type Codex or
something. If you want me to do a full
review in a week or so, like after using
it for for a week, I could do a little
bit of a short review. Just let me know
below by putting codecs or something.
It helps people and teams analyze
complex information, build produ
production software, and automate
multi-step workflows. In practice, GPT
5.4 four is the default model for both
broad
general purpose work and most coding
tasks.
Start there
when you want one model
that can move between software
engineering, reasoning, and writing.
I'm curious what the 5.4 Pro is. The one
that I'm using now. Okay. tough problems
that may take longer to solve and need
deeper reasoning. Yeah, back testing.
Okay, let's see. Let's see if it comes
up with anything here.
How much gold would it make to coat the
Statue of Liberty in a 1 mm layer? Okay.
Okay.
Using tools.
Interesting. And I would be curious to
see how this works on um
open claw
allowed tools
migration guidance
5.4 is our best model yet.
You can see it takes a long time.
It's really thinking. Huh.
Oh, project.
Maybe it's delayed on the the charging
or something. I'm not sure
cuz I'm getting nothing on the um
the back end. opening eyes sight.
But you can Okay, I'm getting this at
least.
You can see I'm using 5.4 Pro here.
I'm just not getting the cost amount.
That's okay.
5.4 Pro says output. No output.
Interesting.
Maybe I'm capturing it incorrectly or
something
because you can see these ones with GBD
5.4 that we were using earlier
had perfectly fine output.
Let's go ahead and double check that.
Hey, so you can see I'm looking at the
logs on OpenAI itself and it shows no
output for the 5.4 Pro
while the 5.4 regular shows output.
What do you think is going on here?
Everything okay?
Is everything okay?
3:21.
So that was 6 minutes ago at this point.
Here we go. Back test code saved.
needs a parser patch. Let's see what she
says. So, I am using 5.4 medium up top
in the um codeex.
Most likely the requests are reaching
OpenAI, but 5.4 Pro is returning a
response shape.
Why I think that your screenshot shows
calls.
Can you do a go ahead and do a test? Go
ahead and do a quick test. Build a
script to test this the 5.4 regular call
versus the protocol and see what's
Gucci.
I think it's working cuz it's now moving
on to the package imports. But so
essentially do a quick test of when you
call 5.4 before say like, "Hey, send me
a back testing a BWOP or something." And
then do the same thing with the pro and
get the responses back and you iterate
through that and don't change anything
in my code, but say come back to me and
be like, "Yo, bro, I got you. I figured
it out.
Thank you."
Okay. So, she'll come back with that
information ideally. If not, I'll be
hot.
No output for all of these, but maybe
this is a glitch on their end. And you
can see what I was saying. I was not
getting any usage here.
61 cents. No way. No, it's 1 cent.
Excuse me.
I don't think that's true.
Group by
one day.
Let's see.
GBD4 Pro is thinking.
Let's see here. Do you want me to run
the following command?
Yes.
But don't show my key. I mean, it's not
the worst if you see my key.
I've rerun the test with network access
so we can see the real results.
Okay,
you can see she's thinking 5.4 is
thinking.
The price is is heavy. It's heavy. It is
what it is.
Maybe it's the best in the world,
you know.
$30 in, 180 outs. Crazy, but
could be the best ever. That's why I'm
willing to pay it. I'm willing to test.
Do you want me to rerun the uh direct
open AI so I can see? Yeah, Gucci.
What did I do right now? Um,
GBT 5.4 gang
plus one. Yes, you should get a point
for that. Every time you log your
things, you get a point. Every prompt
you get, you get a point. Got to hack
the brain. Got to keep pushing.
Just keep going. You can do anything.
5.4 regular just came back cleanly in
about 10 seconds. Okay, I think this is
working now. I just or finish reason
stop.
I think it's working. I tested directly
isolated from your app code. No repo
code was changed. What I found return
normal text return no text output. The
response contained only reasoning item
with 800 tokens were consumed as
reasoning tokens.
Mhm. So maybe it's not working. The key
result from the direct test.
your OpenAI logs are consistent uh
consistent with reality is not producing
user visible text
in the uh current responses API usage.
So the issue is not that your RBI agent
config switch itself. The issue is that
pro is spending the budget on reasoning
and not emitting final text. Bottom
line, if you want the agent working
reliably right now, use GBT 54. No,
dude. No.
What do you think is going on? Do you
think it's just thinking for a long
time? Because it is a big thinking model
and it's extremely expensive. So maybe
that's the reason.
What do you think?
Now you should tell me what it is
because I don't want to influence you.
Yes, that's likely the explanation.
Based on the 5.4 Pro, it's not failing
in the normal sense. It is burning its
output budget on reasoning and never
reaching the final text. Okay. The call
completed reasoning tokens which means
the entire output token was consumed
internally. Oh yeah, dude. We got to up
the budget.
Yeah, we got to up the budget, bro. I
didn't know we had a token limit in
there. Take the limit off.
Take the limit off.
No limit soldiers 5.4 Pro.
I'm removing the explicit output cap
from Open AI. Okay, the hard cap is
coming from two places. Okay, let's go
ahead and see if we can get this
switched up. 5.4 Pro 30 in 180 out.
That's wild.
That's wild. But if it prints, it
prints. I doubt it prints, but I have to
do this test every time. So, every time
there's a big new model, I'm just going
to do the same test because this is the
core of my my existence here. Research
and back test, find things that work.
Okay, boom. Let's test it out in the
real live market. If it works, okay,
scale it up. If not, move on. Remove the
output cap. Let's get it. Let's go ahead
and give it another shot.
So, to catch you up to speed, we got 5.4
tested. Okay,
I can't give you a full Listen, I can't
give you a review on 5.4 just because it
didn't print me money off some like
moonv idea here. RBI agent just going
crazy printing money. That's that's
nuts. Can't give you a full review off
that. If you want a full review of how
it actually cooks as a coder, okay,
that's going to take me a week or so.
So, if you do want to see that, put
Codeex below or something and I'll go
ahead and in a week or so after using
5.4 all day, then I'll go ahead and give
you my actual thoughts on it. I'll just
start using it starting now, even though
I just switched to Miniax. Let's run it
up, dude. Let's run it up. I'll switch
to the $200 plan if needed. But the way
I justify all this, dude, is you guys
are watching me. You get to see
everything that I do. So, if I spend a
little more cash than I need to, that's
great. We all see. Okay. I set up five
open claws. Yes. And guess what? I found
something huge. And guess what? Then I
showed you that.
I'm curious how this is going to work
with computer use. Damn, this is fun,
dude. This is fun. They just keep
dropping heat on our heads. You can see
one of the back tests did finish
earlier.
Damn.
Go ahead and
add exclamation marks to those last 10
strategies you put in there so they can
get going. Thank you.
No output happens sometimes it looks
like, but hopefully on this run here
it won't happen again since we up the
token budget or whatever.
Here
we go. There she goes. So, Williams R
failure swing plus ADX confirmation, the
parabolic SAR plus ADX expansion, CCI
extreme reversion
plus ADX weakness filter plus support
resistance reclaim. Okay, sounds good,
dude. If you print, you print. That's
it. I know. I know. It's a big ass. Big
ask. But why not? Why not? Why not ask
the most out of these AIs? Like, figure
out the most pie in the sky idea that
you have and just test that new AIs
every single time they drop, right?
I mean, obviously, I'm going to be
applying it for the next, I don't know,
40 hours, seeing if it's better than
Claude. That's it. I mean, those are the
two.
I gave you the budget version earlier
with the Miniax. You know about the
coding plan for $10.
You get as much use as these expensive
codeexes and the expensive clouds, but
now you got it. The Mini Max. The Mini
Max coding plant. I got you, bro.
So, you can see it's taking a little bit
of time here. 5.4 Pro.
So 331, nothing yet.
Starting processing,
starting analysis. There's 10 active.
So they each have their own thread as
you can see here. But it's using GPT54
Pro, meaning it's going to think a long
long time,
bro.
It's going to take a long long time.
We'll see here. See some inputs over
here. 331. Nothing yet. That's a little
weird to me.
Research starting analysis. Maybe it
does it after it logs it once once it's
done. So it was logging it for me. No
output. Probably once it was it was
done. I wonder what the um time it will
take
is going to be here.
So, this was at 3:36. Okay. Only two
minutes ago. Damn, this is crazy. Do I
really am I really just here all day
yapping?
Let me go ahead and push you to the max,
dude. Let's go ahead and pump you up,
model
um 5.4 extra high. I want you to give me
your 10 absolute best trading strategies
that we can back test.
approaches to the market. Generate as
much alpha as possible. Okay, I want you
to then write them down here and also
add them to my ideas.txt so this mug
could just keep going all day so you can
see I'm on extra high now. Let's go
ahead and lock in every day. Hey dude, I
popped up on you in the afternoon.
Remember when I used to do this?
Yes, it's all private now. But we keep
it in the private Zooms. We have to. We
have to. Too many prying eyes.
Just lock in. I'll see you tomorrow on
the Zoom. We'll go ahead and have all of
the results of this there, dude. Every
single day just researching, back
testing, and incubating into bots. I got
bots on the screen. Let's see what's
going on. Close order. It's trying to
close a position. Sweet. You see that?
It's much easier to trade this way
mentally. Okay? It's not necessarily
It's not It's not an easy way. It's not
easy to trade to be an algo trade. It's
not easy. I don't want to ever say that.
It's just better. It's an easier more
like
more relaxing life than being a
anxietyridden
hand trader, dude. My 10 best back
testable alpha frameworks from this
batch.
Cross selection, relative strength,
rotation. We'll see if you can back test
B. Let's see the Zcore. Okay. Halflife,
perpetual funding, and basis
dislocation. Yes.
No output on 336. So that was 4 minutes
ago.
Still no output is interesting.
Let's go ahead and do this because I
don't have access to my
cursor right now essentially.
I got to restart my computer.
Okay, shorty. Um,
you can see all this.
Can you see if they're actually creating
the strategies?
Because I'm still, you can see the
screenshot here. I'm still getting no
output on some of these. That's a little
concerning.
Okay, let's do this as well. Let's go
ahead and make sure that she has all the
information I do.
API, where were we?
GPT54.
Okay. Best practices. Okay.
Reasoning set. Okay. Just go ahead and
throw her some slop as well.
There you go. There you go. Looks like
Moond is on top of the leaderboard
today. I mean, I'm clearly the most
locked.
I'm clearly the most locked. So, let's
get it, dude. Come on. It's time now.
We've got AI. We've got these companies
fighting for our business.
They're fighting to make the best AIs
for developers right now.
Please, please, please learn how to code
if you haven't already, or at least
start messing around with code and AI
along the way. Say, "Hey, can you
explain that to me?" So, I got two cued,
18 active. So, I have 18 different
parallel processes going,
and I'm actually striking out thus far
if you think about it. Look at this no
output stuff.
But I just gave her a lot of information
that should help her update this. Can
see all my GPT 5.4 Pros. I'm actually
getting cooked on it. But these 5.4
regulars looking good.
That was the step one of today's test
and this is step two. Let's see if I can
get Pro working and then throughout this
week I'll just keep using it. So make
sure to lock in on the Zooms. We do them
in the morning times.
We do them in the morning times.
So it says creating back tests on
number four
and number 12. I've got enough evidence
that the pipeline production is
producing real artifacts. I'm doing one
quick code check on the status counter
so I can explain why you're seeing 18
active.
I need my cursor, dude. I need my
cursor. I wonder how you can fix this.
Reopen.
Maybe I'll do a force quit. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. There you go. Now you're thinking,
big guy. Now you're really thinking.
Okay, let's go up here and say um force
quit. Please
do a force quit on it. Get up out of
here. Force quit. Don't come back.
Actually, come back right now.
code dot. Okay, here we go. So, you can
see this is what I've been talking about
the whole time. Just this idea.txt.
Super chill way to just add ideas that
she can go research. Okay, let's go
ahead and see if we can find this
folder. What day is it? It's 3
something.
35 right here. Okay, sweet. I I wish I
would have done this earlier, but it's
okay. It looks like it's cooking. So,
35. You can see the back tests are
outputed right here. Okay,
I guess the question is which ones are
the
GPT 4.5
Pro?
These are all back test. Back test
final. We only got one, huh?
That's fire though.
Oh my goodness. 1.6% return.
a good strat, but
let's see what shorty says up here.
Okay, here we go. Yes, they are actually
creating strategies.
I opened up the research files and it
contains full strategy write up
only increments when the entire pipeline
finishes.
So 18 active, two cued, zero completed.
So what is this? Percentile ADX pullback
here. Logged. Okay. Creating back test.
Percentile ADX pullback. Let's see if it
actually did that. And what thread that
was that on two
T2
percentile
uh GPD 5.4 back testing.
Dang, I spelled that wrong.
Don't see that one. But maybe that's
still cooking. So, let's go ahead up
here and say
creating back test climactic failure
swing.
And that was on
T03.
I don't know, bro.
Yeah, I don't know about this. I don't
think it's working. Can you pro can you
make a print out of calling
GBD5 or 5.4 Pro?
GBD 5.4 Pro
because I'm not so sure it's outputting
new code. I know there is code in those
folders. Okay, that's what I'm going to
do. That's what I'm going to do. I got
this. I got this. I'm deleting all this.
I'm deleting all of it. Just going to
delete the folder. See you. Everything
we just did by I'll write it back.
And then we're going to go ahead here
and say boom.
GBT 5.4 Pro initialize. Okay, we've got
two threads. Keep it nice and clean.
We'll see if it does anything or if I'm
just not advanced enough to use the pro
version yet. And that would be fine. It
would be fine. I would I would respect
that decision by OpenAI. You know, I'm
just a vibe coder. 3.05.
Okay, here we go. So, it should come up
with a research first. So, let's see if
it fills it up. If it fills it up, it's
working, but I don't know, dude. I don't
know. It says no output over here.
No output. No output.
I didn't know you could click on this.
That's the input. This the output right
here, dude. They've been gaslighting me
the whole time, dude. That's crazy. That
is crazy. Oh, AI, why you playing, dude?
Why you playing? Stop playing with me
like that. That's crazy, dude. No
output. It's hella output.
I've been going in a circle.
I just deleted all today's work
because you said no output. But there's
output, bro. And it's still outputting.
Let's see this other output. I could
have clicked there, but I didn't know
about this. That's insane. That's
insane. Let's see what the usage is
looking like, though. I want to see a
big bar. I want to see a big body bar. I
don't see it yet. So, maybe they're just
giving me freebies these days, you know?
They're like, "Hey, Mundaf's cooking. We
better we better do him up with some
cash." I mean, it's probably a good
idea. So, good job. Good on them. Good
on them. We're cooking every day. All
right. So, it is outputting this entire
time. Wow. It just takes dumb long. You
can see the first thing it does is it
takes one of these ideas and then
expands them into a strategy. But why
isn't it outputting into here is the
question. It's March 5th
output.
Okay, this is good. Strategy name.
That's the eerie thing here.
It just said it outputed, right?
Let's see what time it is. 3:40. Okay.
No, it hasn't. Hasn't outputed yet. So,
we're good. We're good.
But this whole no output thing is a dud.
It's a dud. They were capping.
It is what it is.
It is what it is. So, let's just be
patient and wait. And in that meantime,
let's go to Gemini here. Please make a
thumbnail
that says GPT5.4
and then has the Open AI logo big in the
background and then a chart going up and
to the right. A candlestick chart that's
green up and to the right. Okay. Thank
you. Make sure this is so dirty. Like so
clickable. Nice and clean. Smooth. Not
too busy, but like holy hell.
I have to click that.
Okay, let's go ahead and cook with AI
all day. Um, let's see if it made the
strategy. Okay, so you can see both of
the strategies are here now. Okay, so
they were absolutely gaslighting me.
And excuse me, I just learned what that
word meant. So, if I'm using it
incorrectly, please let me know in the
chat below. Say, "Mund, you got to use
that word better because I've been
hearing it's been trendy for the last
couple years and it's just too big, too
big of a word for my small brain." You
know, my teacher helped me back in
seventh grade for a reason. Okay, so you
can see the strategy here. Boom. Boom.
But what's good about that is if I can
do this, you can do it, too. I just
follow a system and I'm just diligent
about following that system. I've shown
you the system, bro.
roadmap. You got the whole system,
the RBI system.
I'm either researching, I'm back
testing, or I'm incubating. Every day
I'm doing one of those. This, I would
say, is research research to see if
OpenAI 5.4 can print yet.
I'll actually test it all week building
bots. But this is always the first thing
I test with these new AIs.
And I'm actually going to maybe test
this as well on OpenCloud. Let me know
if you want to see that cuz I haven't
even used Open AI yet with Open Claw.
And there's something interesting there
as that they bought it, you know. You
can see this takes dumb long. Dumb long.
But that's okay. Let's just go ahead and
get some things done here. It's not very
good, dude. I need a cleaner. Like I
can't I need the big numbers to be
bigger. I need the
Yeah, actually I just need the wording
to be bigger and like pop out more. The
white on top of the gray is a little
tough, you know. So maybe like I don't
know, bigger and
I don't know, you think about it.
Give me another image. Thank you. It's
not bad, but it's just not very good,
you know. So she's cooking while I have
AI cooking a thumbnail.
And then let's go have AI. Actually,
let's go ahead. No, I can't. I can't do
that. Let's do it over here. Let's use
Let's see what her um writing skills are
like.
So, let's say codeex here. Yes.
Continue. GBT 5.4 high. Okay. So, I got
GBT 5.4 high here.
And we also have GBT 5.4 Pro. I don't
know the difference. I think pro must be
high. I don't know. Okay. Um,
I just made a a video about OpenAI's GPT
5.4 for trading. I need you to make some
panty dropper.
Absolute must
click and watch this video right now.
Titles
non-corny, short, concise.
Give me five.
Give me five fire titles because we have
AI doing everything and we got GBT 5.4x
high. We've got a test going to see if
their title game is good enough to even
get you here. If their title game was
good enough to get you here, sprinkle on
a little Gemini for the thumbnail. They
win. I'm just cooking with the AI. Thank
you very much. GBT 5.4 just changed
trading, dude. I could have written
that, but that's not bad. It's not bad.
That one cooks the GPD 5.4 trading edge.
I tested GBD54. Um, just change trading.
Okay, we'll just do that one. We'll just
do that one. Okay, so that's ready.
Let's see how that thumbnail is doing
because she's taking a dumb long time,
dude. But I guess this is what you pay
for, right? For extra thinking.
Okay, that's better. But, you know, I'm
I'm just I'm going to be lazy with it.
I'm gonna be lazy with it because I
don't know. I'm not even supposed to be
here right now. I got the Zoom call
tomorrow, dude. I got to get ready for
that. I got to get ready for the Zoom
call. We go hard on the Zooms, dude.
Three, four hours every single day. Lock
in. See what we can build. Okay, let's
get it. That's it. That's what we do
every day. That's so so fun.
Maybe someday you'll join us. Maybe
someday.
Maybe someday.
All right. So, I got the thumbnail done
and the title done. So, I should just
quit this video, but I really don't want
to quit when it's I'm still waiting for
the output. So, let's get our first back
test done and then I'll fill you in
later with more cuz I don't want this to
go over an hour. If it goes over I'm
cutting this off at an hour, dude. It
can't go over an hour. It's been 56
minutes. We got three minutes. We got
three minutes. Holy hell.
Three minutes. Three minutes.
Can they do it is the question.
Let's go ahead and explore and see if
the um ever the things ever hit my
account.
Okay. 347. 347. So, she was cooking
earlier. I just chopped her off.
So, this just takes a long time. It's
okay. It's okay because if it's fire,
it's fire. Oh, wait. I'm patient. Is
default project.
My logs are showing that I'm maybe it's
free right now to test or something. I
could see that like the first hour free
because this is like this is dropped
like an hour ago, you know.
We'll see, dude. We'll see. We'll see
the fire they they have. But I think
this week is really when we're going to
dive deep into it. So, make sure you're
locked on the Zoom calls because I can't
share all of that
cuz I got the ops. They're watching,
dude. Just waiting, watching, and
waiting.
Just praying on my downfall.
It is what it is, dude. It's okay. I get
it. This is a vicious game, but I'm
going to keep attacking every single
day. So, much love to you. Thank you.
Thank you for locking in with me.
Thank you. Thank you.
So, two active, zero queued, zero
completed.
We'll see, dude. I think you're going to
have to wait and see though tomorrow,
though, because we got uh less than a
minute. I can't have this be over an
hour.
I got big things brewing on my
whiteboard behind me. I thought I'd jump
on real quick and show you one thing
real quick with 5.4. I showed you 5.4.
Does it print money? No.
Does it write good YouTube titles? We'll
see. If you're here, then it's a good
title.
Wh will it print money? I guess you'll
have to tune in for next time because
I'm not going over an